Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
I grew old with OGs
- We're not gonna be here long.
Just enough time for
me to get on my feet
and find a place of our own.
- Charlene. you're my sister.
You can stay here
as long as you want.
Plus it would be good to
see Quincy growing up.
- Hmm.
- There you go.
- There I go what. Gwen?
- Making snide remarks.
We can't even have a
decent conversation.
- Listen. my cup is overflowing
and not in a good way.
I've had to change jobs
and this one isn't
paying like the old one.
- Well look on the bright side.
you don't have to pay rent.
- Yeah. thank God mama
left us this house.
Gwen. you paying the taxes?
- Yes.
- And the insurance?
- On time?
- Yes. big sis. I'm
handling business.
- Hey. my name is
on this house too.
Gwen. you still using?
- Wait. what?
- You heard me?
- Are you accusing
me of using drugs?
- If not. then why so defensive?
- Because it's the same thing
with you every time. Charlene.
I'm clean
.....................clean.
- I'm sorry.
I just don't want
you to relapse.
I don't want you to
have another episode.
- I appreciate
your concerns. sis.
but just gimme some wine and
some eggplant and I'm good.
Happy camper.
Speaking of eggplant.
how is your love life.
- Extinct.
- That's nobody's
fault. but your own.
You're smart. beautiful. funny.
Look at you. you
always camera-ready.
- Maybe I should wear
a sign that says that.
Speaking of camera.
where's my son?
Quincy.
- What's up mane.
you need something.
- Nah. I'm just looking.
- Now my phone dead.
- I can record it for you.
- Mine. who are you?
- I'm sorry. my name Quincy.
You ain't from here. Are you?
- Nah.
Me and my mama just moved here.
- It all right then.
- So you're gonna
let me record you?
- What's your name again?
- Mine. it's getting dark. man.
I'm finna go to the crib.
- Look. it'll only take a sec.
Type in the music.
then we get started.
I mean. if you scared. I get it.
Mane turn that thang up.
- Ay. can you
stop at the store for me?
- Why y'all move her?
- My mom lost her job.
So we stay with my
auntie Gwen now.
- aw. okay.
Miss Gwen?
Y'all kinda favor
- Yeah.
I get that a lot.
- Lemme hold a
couple dollas mane.
Bruh. I'm talking to you.
- Look. I ain't got no money.
- I know you got something.
- Weedie what you doing. mane?
Aight den
- Thank you.
- Thought you ain't
have no money.
- Give me that back.
- I thought you went
in to buy something.
- I did.
My stomach just started hurting.
I just wanna go home.
- All right.
- What up. youngsta?
- You creeping?
- Nah. just rolling baby.
You know what it is?
I see we won again.
- You know how we do?
- Yeah. yeah. I do...I do.
Aye. you know I'm old school.
Dope. hoes. weed. but
this pop locking breaking?
- Jookin. it's called
Memphis Jookin.
- Why the hell do you care
what anybody calls it.
Niggas is betting on
it and we getting paid.
You got it.
Now this weekend I need
y'all to do the same thing.
Got a lot of out of town
money coming into the city.
My man.
- Hey mama.
- Yes.
- When you ever
gonna get married?
- Boy. what?
Where did that come from?
- I mean. gonna be
leaving college soon
and I don't want
you by yourself.
- Don't you worry about your
mama. I'm gonna be fine.
I don't need anybody
telling me the time.
- Telling you the time?
- That's what I said.
Grown folk talk.
Oh. Quincy run back in there
and get me that
seasoning I like.
- Okay. Okay.
- Not the red bag.
- I know. the white bag.
- Yes. the white one.
What are you doing?
- I'm doing some promotions
for the community center.
- And why do you look
like the poster child of.
'I love the eighties'?
- It's throw back
Thursday at my job.
- Ah. so you supposed
to be like Cool J?
- Nah. I didn't know that.
but do I remind you of him?
- That will be a no.
- You shouldn't have
do that by yourself.
- I'm not by myself.
my son is with me.
He'll be right out.
- Well thank you.
- You're welcome.
I'm Charles. Charles Davis.
And your name?
- Charlene.
It's nice to meet you.
So we just gone let
this moment pass by?
- What moment?
- Us?
- Us
Charles. I'm sorry.
I just moved here. I
don't have much time.
- But I do. I can
help you with yours.
- I mean. it's just
not the right time.
- You know patience is
one of my best virtues.
- I mean. I'm just not ready
for of the whole
relationship thing. you know?
- Okay. I get it.
When I'm alone in my room.
Sometimes I stare at the wall
and in the back of my mind
I hear my conscience call
telling me I need a girl.
Sweet is a dove.
- Okay.
Okay. Please just stop.
- I think this is
gonna work out.
- Yeah. Whatever.
- All right now Charlene.
You okay?
- I'm fine.
I'm just wondering if you do
this for all your first dates.
- What. you don't like?
- No. I love it. It's nice.
- Would you like some wine?
- Yes. please.
I tend to drink
when I'm nervous.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
You look gorgeous.
- Thanks.
- You're welcome.
You do hear that a lot right?
- From my sister. yes.
From guys. not so much.
- Okay.
I don't want your food to
get cold so let me say grace.
Okay.
- Sure.
- Dear. Lord.
Thank you for the food
that we're about to receive
for nourishment of our
body. in the name we pray.
Amen.
- Amen.
- Are you you still
not comfortable?
- No.
I'm fine. I'm fine.
Actually. where's the rest room.
- The first door on the left.
- All right. Thank you.
- You're welcome.
- Hello.
- Gwen.
- Hey. why are you whispering?
- Listen. look. I'm on a date.
- Okay. I feel you girl.
So what you calling me for?
- Listen. I thought
about what you said
about me pushing guys away.
And I don't wanna
do that anymore.
Like this guy he's really nice.
And he went all out
of his way from me.
- Oh. that's sweet.
Have you been drinking?
- No.
- Okay. Good.
Cause you know how you get
once you've been drinking.
- What is that supposed to mean?
- It means you are lightweight
and you don't know how
to hold your liquor
and then you start-
- Start what?
- Start being really aggressive.
- I do not.
I'm good. I'll be right out.
Look. I gotta go.
- Have fun.
- Would you like to dance?
- So you enjoying yourself.
- I think.
- You think?
- Yes. yes I am.
Thank you for making
everything so special.
- Hope I can do more
if you allow me.
- Let's go to your
bedroom. Charles.
- Let's not.
Oh yes. I it freak
you right here.
We can do it right here. Yeah.
Charlene?
- Yes.
- Charlene.
- Yes. baby.
- Baby.
- Yes.
- Charlene.
- Yes. Come on give it to me.
- Charlene stop.
Stop. Stop.
- No.
Charlene. I need to
tell you something.
- Okay.
- Charlene....I'm a Virgin.
- Aight. aight so y'all
know how we normally do.
by round of applause is
how we choose the winner.
But since we're
social distancing.
we're gonna go online
instead @dxp901.com
to choose the winner
of this battle.
Will it be the JOOKIN KANGZ
or will it be the Bama boy.
Go online right now
and put in that vote.
In the meantime. as promised.
we will have one of the illest
Jookers in the community
to come up here and give
y'all an announcement.
We told y'all we
had some big news.
So give it up for DP
of DXP entertainment.
- Yo. yo. yo look.
I won't be here for you long.
Because of this thing
called Memphis Jookin.
I've been able to create
an online dance universe
for people to pretty much
see jookin around the world.
I've taught Russia. China.
Jamaica. New Zealand.
and many other places
around the world.
If it had not been
for Memphis Jookin.
I really don't
know where I'd be.
But because of it. I knew I
was gonna do something big.
And with that being said.
we putting on the do
or die Jookin battle.
The group to hit the
floor the hardest
is the best group that's
gonna get $25.000.
Now that's quite a grand prize.
For more information.
contact KenKen.
I gotta be out.
- All right y'all so
the results are in
and it looks like
tonight's winners are.
the JOOKIN KANGZ.
Go give it up for
- Mane bruh. we finna go
so HAM at the city tonight.
- Bring big energy. bruh.
- Bruh. these
folks is not ready.
It's understood.
- Aye aint that Dawg
over there with Smoke
- You talking about TD
Jake's nephew over there?
That nigga look like he ready
to pass the communion plate
around here any second.
Bruh. bruh. I bet you want
say dat if he come up here
And he got that big ass Mr.
Big off Spider Man jacket on.
- Hey cool out. Cool out.
I want to introduce you
all to the little homie
that record the video I sent.
This is Quincy.
That's Dre. Boo.
and the first lady
of the group Silk.
- What's up.
- What's up man.
- Video was tight.
- Thank you.
- So what y'all think?
- About what?
- The contest.
- My man. I mean it's cool
and all. but you got 2.500?
- Naw.
- Yeah and they talking
about two weeks.
- Two weeks?
Forget that.
- Well. 25 grand will be nice.
- What if I can get the money?
- What?
- Where are you
gonna get $2500 from?
- The JOOKIN KANGZ.
what's happening baby?
- It's all good.
- All right. I see y'all still
around here cutting heads.
- You know how we do.
- Look here. I been
watching y'all for a while
and I know talent when I see it.
Ain't nobody gonna beat
y'all in this contest.
- Tell us something
we don't know.
But we do have a issue. $2.500.
- It won't be an issue
if I'm your sponsor.
- Mane. what you mean?
- I put up the money
for the entry fee.
- What's in it for you.
- Let's just say a little
cash prize of $25.000.
- Why we gonna give
you all the money
but we the ones doing all the
work. what's in it for us.
- I feel you. baby.
I feel you.
But when y'all take
care of business.
we split the winnings all the
way down the middle 50/50.
- And what if we lose?
- Charge it to the game baby.
Now. if y'all don't
want the money...
- Let's make some money.
- All right. that's
what I'm talking about.
- All right. let
me go pay this fee
and we gonna make history.
- Fasho.
- All right.
- Bro. we finna kill
for this money bro.
- Charlene.
Charlene. are you up?
- Oh oh.
Oh my head. oh my God.
- Oh. this should help.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
We should talk about last night.
- I think not.
- It's okay. I'll start. okay.
- Okay.
- I had up blast last night.
- So you enjoyed yourself?
- Did I?
- You must not get
out a lot.
- See. that's as easy as yours.
That's smile. and
those pretty eyes.
- Come here.
Let see if you got a fever.
- About what I told you.
- About that.
- I've never had sex before
and I lost a few women
friends because of that.
And I'm okay with that.
I won't compromise my
beliefs for anyone.
So when I get
married to my wife.
I plan to give her something
I never gave another woman.
- Well. if you're
telling the truth...
- Which I am.
- If you're telling the
truth. that's commendable.
- Thank you.
Well. I gotta get to work.
stay as long as you want.
Just let me know when you leave.
- Okay. thanks again
for everything.
- So when are you gonna
let me take you out again?
- I'm not letting
you take me out.
- Huh?
- I'm gonna take you out.
I would like that.
I really would.
- Me too.
- All right. so if you all
want something in this life.
it's up to you all
to go out and get it.
So I need to hear everybody
in here repeat after me.
If it is to be. it is up to me.
- If it is
to be it's up to me.
- If it is to be.
it is up to me.
- If it is to
be. it is up to me.
- Right. so if you all
don't put in the work.
don't look for the rewards.
- Mr. Joe. why you
so hard on this?
- Because I love y'all.
- Is it true you
used to be police?
- Yes. that's true.
- You still cool with them?
- Yes. I'm still close
with a few officers.
- Were you a dirty cop?
- What?
- See I was watching
48 hours last night
and mane police dirty.
They gave everybody a box
of chicken and guess what?
- What Rashad?
- They all snitched.
They put truth serium
in that chicken.
- Dismissed.
I want to sign up
for this program.
- What's your name though. man.
- Quincy.
Ain't never seen you before.
you live around here.
- Me and my mom just moved
here with my auntie Gwen.
- Gwen Saulsberry?
- Yeah.
- I can see a resemblance.
- I was wondering. do you guys
have any photography classes?
- Nah. man.
Unfortunately we don't.
Everything around here is pretty
much at a grassroots level.
the community and
the neighbors chip in
to make sure we have
bare necessities
and everything that we need.
But why you ask?
You a photographer or something?
- A little bit.
- Okay. Okay.
Walk with me.
Well. this community center
was built for us by us.
So we try to do
things for the kids.
like afterschool programs.
bake sales. sock donations.
and help with schooling.
- I can get a summer job.
- Well. a job technically
means you get paid to do that.
Everybody around here
volunteers their time
and their resources.
We all grew up in
this neighborhood.
Or either went to the high
schools around the corner.
- Gotcha
- You know what man
I tell you what.
if you need help with schooling.
something to eat or
access to computers.
All right. we got you.
This is a safe haven.
We all we got.
- Lemme go bruh.
- Hey. hold on.
Wait. wait. wait.
wait. wait. wait.
What is going on out here?
Hold on. Hold on.
What is this?
- Weedie took my money.
- Mane. know I didn't.
- Yes you did.
- Weedie. what are you doing?
You ain't even
supposed to be up here.
Let'em. let him go guys.
- Get y'all hands off of pimp.
Mr. Joe. you gonna kick me
out the program like that?
- Weedie I told you. once
you got yourself together.
you were welcome
to come back here.
You have not done your part.
So you kicked yourself
out the program.
- Mane. forget y'all.
bunch of sissies up anyway.
- Look I'm sorry about that.
- You know him?
- No.
- Well. look. if you
need anything. hit me up.
All right.
We all we got.
- Hey.
- Hey. if it isn't
stay out all night.
- Don't start.
- So I guess it went
better than expected.
- It's complicated.
But I'll tell you
about it one day.
- It's okay.
- You've been staring
at those stars
since we were little.
- It's peaceful.
Do you remember that time
when I fell out the tree
and broke my arm and we
tried to hide it from mama?
- Yes.
And it was your night
to wash the dishes
and she was wondering why
the hell I was helping you.
- Right?
- How could I forget?
- We had some good
times though. did we?
- Charlene. I'm sorry.
- For what?
- For always being the
nagging little sister.
always up under you.
I could have been more
understanding. you know.
I could have helped out more.
but I was somewhere
trying to be grown.
- Yes you were.
But it's okay.
- With you and Quincy here.
I feel like I got
my family back.
I feel like I get a
second chance at life.
and I just don't
wanna mess it up.
- You won't.
Just keep doing what you're
doing and stay focused.
- Right.
I love you sister.
I love you too.
- What's up Smoke.
I know you didn't call me
here to watch you drink.
- You a smart man.
That's why I like you.
So I came up with the plan
for us to make three times
the amount of money
off dance battle.
- All right. cool.
- Y'all are gonna
throw the battle.
- Say what?
- You and the Jookin Kangz
are going to lose the
battle on purpose.
So I'm watching
the best come here
and everybody's got you
winning by a landslide.
Meaning I'm going have
to pay out from 25K.
When you and the crew lose.
I get to keep all that money.
Now I'll give the crew
a few hundred dollars
and line your
pockets up real nice.
- They ain't going
be down for that.
- They not gonna know. now
they can't win without you.
Now you gone lose the battle.
get sick. sprain your ankle.
Hell I don't care.
- I can't do that Smoke.
I've been practicing like every
day. sometimes. twice a day.
- You still trying to
get that money to go?
- Whatcha talking about mane?
- Come on Young.
save that for me.
You think I don't know what's
going on in your world. huh?
So this how it's gonna go down.
Y'all are going to lose the
battle because if you don't.
I'm gonna send my crew
to your little girlfriend's
apartment complex
and tell them to clean it out.
Then I'm gonna kill you.
- Bingo.
- What's up.
- What'd do?
- What's up? What's up Chris?
You good?
- Yeah. mane.
Same old. same old.
- I got two in front
of you right now.
- Yeah check this out doe.
You remember that lil bitty
Junt I had told you about.
- Which one?
- The Gwen chick.
- The little cute junt?
- So look. last night I gave
her a little candy for her nose
she start tweaking on me.
- Saying what?
- I found out when she
was 15. she was pregnant.
And her mama shipped her and
her sister in Mississippi.
- I ain't know. she
had no kid though.
- Yeah. me either.
But then she talking. her
mama went back up there.
Got her. made her finish school
and then had her older sister
take care of the little kid.
- For real?
- Yeah.
So where the little boy at?
- He with her but they
ain't told the little man.
- Ah. they messed up. mane.
I ain't gonna lie.
All right. raise up.
I gotta go get the moisturizer
cream for you real quick.
- Damn. watch out my nig.
- My bad.
- Oh you fresh ain't it G boy.
Mane. I'm talking to you.
- I ain't got no money.
- Look my bad on the
whole store situation.
No hard feelings right.
Anyway. I see you fresh.
Got your Tommy on with the
baby rolee. fresh chop.
Dem shoes though.....What size?
- What?
- Mane I ain't stutter
- I ain't giving you my shoes.
- You ain't gotta
give 'em to me.
cause I'm gonna take them.
- I'll get it.
Yes.
- What's going on Char.
I been trying to call
you for weeks now.
- I know.
- You know?
- I saw you Charles.
- You saw me?
- Downtown at the
trolley. with ol girl.
light skinned. long hair.
I saw you. Y'all laughing it up.
You were sitting there like you
was having such a good time.
You don't remember.
What are you doing?
- This her?
- Mm-hmm. that's her.
You keep all your side
pieces in your phone.
that's dumb.
- That's my sister.
- Oh. I get it.
Went to the same
elementary type sister.
- No like live in
the same household.
same blood type sister.
- Well. you should have told me.
- I tried to. I knew
you was busy at work
and you kept sending
me to voicemail
when I was trying to call you.
- So she your blood sister?
- Well I didn't know Charles.
- You know what Char
you would think.
after I'd done told you things
I ain't never told
another woman.
You have the decency
to sit me down
and talk to me like an adult.
- Charles. I just didn't know.
and I told you now
that I'm sorry.
What's wrong with you?
- It'll be okay. girl.
Quincy. what's going on?
And where your shoes.
what's going on. baby?
Slow down. Stop.
- Is it true?
- Is what true baby?
Is what true.
- Is it true that
auntie Gwen is my momma?
- Who told you that?
- It doesn't matter.
- Quincy baby. Listen. stop.
Listen.
- Hey. you can't be
believing what people say.
People lie. people say stuff.
- Yes. Yes. baby.
It's true.
Quincy. I was gonna tell
you when the time was right.
but with the move
and everything. that
time just never came.
- So you been lying
to me my whole life?
- It's not like that.
- And I was only 15.
- Yeah. I know you was
only 15 and grandma-
- That's not the whole story.
- Listen. Quincy.
Let's just talk about
it. let's sit down.
Let's talk about it. Quincy.
- My whole life been a joke.
- No.
- It's not like that. baby.
- But it won't be
a joke no more.
- Quin baby don't leave.
Don't leave. I'm sorry.
- Gwen. let him go.
Just let him go. Gwen.
You've been running
your mouth. haven't you?
- What?
- You heard me. 'cause
that's what junkies do.
- I haven't said anything.
- You're lying.
I knew something like
this would happen
because you've never
been nothing but
trouble all your life.
But what they say.
"Take care of Gwen.
She's your little sister.
You're more mature than her."
Charlene.
I'm tired.
Just leave me alone.
Leave me alone.
- Quincy.
- Hey.
can you pick me up?
- Say less.
You sure everything good.
Had to get on a
young nigga ass take his set
Let me get
them hoes off your feet
Lemme get dem
hoes off your feet
Lil nice ass young nigga.
Had to get on his ass
- Aight I finna roll one.
I said what size
shoe you wear my guy.
This what I told the young nigga
Let me get that one off yo feet
And that one off
yo feet real quick
Snatched the nigga
shit and took off
Went and put a whole fit on
Left that nigga
walking in his socks
HEY WEEDIE!!
- What the hell Q?!
Bet you ain't gon mess
with that mane no mo.
You good?
Q. you straight?
You beat the dog
mess out that mane.
Look lil bro.
sometimes you gotta
do what you gotta do.
But it's over now.
and you gonna have
to gimme the gun.
He ain't gone mess
with you no more.
Give me the motherfucking gun Q.
- Gwen is my mama.
not my auntie.
They been lying to
me my whole life.
- Sorry lil bro.
- I just need a ride.
- Say less.
Dearest Quincy.
I've never knew love
until I saw you.
held you. kissed you.
And because of that love.
I had to let you go.
Let you be with someone I
trusted with all of my being.
my sister Charlene.
I made decisions that could
only destroy your life
as they were beginning
to destroy mine.
Know that your mother
wanted to tell you.
but I was never ready.
Cause all the guilt.
the hurt and the pain.
I didn't need more
add to my life.
It was selfish. but
I just couldn't.
When you found out. it
was a nightmare come true.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry. Quinn.
The weight of you knowing
was just too heavy
for me to bear.
Remember your mother.
Charlene loves you
So please be good for her.
I will always love
you. love aunt Gwen.
- So what's up.
- What the hell
is wrong with you?
- It wasn't supposed
to go down like that.
- Now I'm an
accessory to robbery
- You weren't
supposed to be there
- I should have
made that decision.
You could have gotten us killed.
- I needed the bread.
- I could have
died. and for what?
Some bullshit?
- I said. I'm sorry.
If you can't handle it.
go home to your mama.
Whoever she is.
- Take it back.
- I ain't taking shit back.
- You ain't no better than
Weedie and rest of them niggas.
- Man. you don't know
what you talking about?
- Oh. what is it then?
You a thief. a liar.
- Get out my face Q.
- No. tell me.
- You wanna know?
- Yes. I wanna know.
- You really wanna know?
- Smoke said if I didn't
lose the battle tonight.
he gonna kill me and my girl.
With him covering
all the bets tonight
When we lose he's
gonna make a fortune.
That was his plan
the whole time.
I never should have trusted him.
- For real?
So what you gonna do?
- I thought about it.
I need that money bad man.
Come on.
I need to show you.
- Baby-
- I've been texting you all day.
I thought the show was tonight?
- Yeah. but you would hit
me like it's an emergency.
- I mean. of course I
want you to come home.
But after the battle. what
are you doing here so soon?
- I need you to meet somebody.
Quincy. this is my girl. Nikki.
- Nice to meet you.
- You need to know.
I'm showing you.
- Oh you got it.
thank you Darius.
- Darius?
- Hey bro. chill.
- So Quincy. he talks
about you all the time.
I've seen some of your work.
You've got some
great stuff there.
- Thank you.
And congratulations
on the baby too.
- Yeah. Thank you.
We're so happy to have
you be a part of it.
- Be a part of?
- You got a good soul. bro.
Ain't too many like you around
- What he's trying to say is.
we would love if we would
be the godfather of our son.
- I will be honored.
- Love bro.
You get that?
- Yeah.
- We gotta go. Nikki.
- Okay. Be careful.
- All right. nice meeting you.
- Nice meeting you too.
- I don't know
what I'm gonna do.
What you smiling for?
But...what?
How did you?
- I called in the
heard from Mr. Joe.
So you went big tonight.
- Godfather Q in the house.
To real friends.
- real friends.
I wish we could have
spent more time together.
When they put you in the
ground three months ago.
I didn't know how to feel.
I hear you call my name.
I turn around and nothing
I been taking tons of pictures.
People are actually
hitting me up to shoot
music videos. witness
all this kind of stuff.
I think about that
day all the time.
I really miss you.
- You okay baby?
- I don't know.
- I heard about your engagement.
Congratulations.
- Thank you. Darius.
- Thank you. Thank
you very much.
We get married in
a couple months.
I'm ready to make some babies.
- Well. I can loan you
mine while y'all waiting.
- What?! Not my God son.
- Come on Quincy.
let's get outta here.